docker/podman: Override image default ENTRYPOINT (#3970)
buildbuddy-io/buildbuddy: docs/rbe-platforms.md

Make sure to replace `gcr.io/YOUR:IMAGE` with your docker image url.

> Remote build actions will be run in your container via CMD, so you should make sure that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Remote build actions will be run in your container via CMD, so note that any `CMD` instructions in your Dockerfile will be ignored. ENTRYPOINT, on the other hand, is not ignored, so make sure that
```

Reviewer: looks like this edit got lost too

> Remote build actions will be run in your container via CMD, so you should make sure that

Reviewer: nit: move this paragraph to a new section called "CMD and ENTRYPOINT" just before the next section ("Passing credentials for Docker images")

the container image's ENTRYPOINT is either unset or is a wrapper that is compatible with your

> build actions' command. For more information, check [CMD and ENTRYPOINT interact](https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/builder/#understand-how-cmd-and-entrypoint-interact).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
build actions' commands. For more information, see [Understand how CMD and ENTRYPOINT interact](https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/builder/#understand-how-cmd-and-entrypoint-interact).
```

Reviewer: looks like these edits got lost after moving the section?

This assumes you've placed this rule in your root BUILD file. If you place it elsewhere, make sure to update the path accordingly.

### ENTRYPOINT and CMD

Remote build actions will be run in your container via CMD, so you should make sure that
the container image's ENTRYPOINT is either unset or is a wrapper that is compatible with your
build actions' command. For more information, check [CMD and ENTRYPOINT interact](https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/builder/#understand-how-cmd-and-entrypoint-interact).

> 
> You can then pass this configuration to BuildBuddy RBE with the following flag:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
